Add FLEDGE ramp up and isolated origin trial experiment info (#5497)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/unified-origin-trial/index.md

## Check the status of the origin trial {: #status}

### March 2023

#### FLEDGE 1% ramp back up

> Last month, we [temporarily reduced FLEDGE origin trial traffic](/docs/privacy-sandbox/unified-origin-trial/#january-2023) from 5% to 4% of Chrome stable for testing. The initial testing has concluded, and we plan to ramp FLEDGE back up to 5% from 4% for the unified experiment on Tuesday, March 7, 2023. The ramped-up users will be the same set of users that were ramped down, but their previous interest groups have expired, since more than 30 days have passed since the ramp-down. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last month, we [temporarily reduced FLEDGE origin trial traffic](/docs/privacy-sandbox/unified-origin-trial/#january-2023) from 5% to 4% of Chrome stable for testing. The initial testing has concluded, and we plan to ramp FLEDGE back up to 5% from 4% for the unified experiment on Tuesday, March 7, 2023.

The ramped-up users will be the same set of users that were ramped down. However, their previous interest groups have expired, since more than 30 days have passed since the ramp-down. 
```

#### Isolated experiments

> To improve our testing process, and to continue observing the metrics of origin trial APIs, we are creating isolated experiments for each API, in addition to the existing unified experiment. New experiments will be created for Attribution Reporting, Topics, a combination of FLEDGE and Fenced Frames, and a combination of Shared Storage’s URL Selection operation and Fenced Frames. In the isolated experiment, only the assigned APIs will be available for the users in that group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve our testing process and continue observing the metrics of origin trial APIs, we're creating isolated experiments for each API, in addition to the existing unified experiment. New experiments will be created for Attribution Reporting, Topics, a combination of FLEDGE and Fenced Frames, and a combination of Shared Storage’s URL Selection operation and Fenced Frames. In each isolated experiment, only the assigned APIs will be available for the users in that group.
```

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>API</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Isolated experiment<br>traffic allocation</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attribution Reporting 
   </td>
   <td>1%
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>FLEDGE + Fenced Frames
   </td>
   <td>1%
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>    <td>Shared Storage (URL Selection) + Fenced Frames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <td>Shared Storage (URL selection) + Fenced Frames
```

   </td>
   <td>1%
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Topics
   </td>
   <td>1%
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Starting Tuesday, March 7, you will begin to receive an additional 1% of the Chrome Stable traffic for the APIs listed above, on top of the 5% traffic you are receiving from the existing unified experiment. New users will be allocated to each experiment.

#### Traffic allocation

The current unified origin trials traffic allocation as of Tuesday, February 28, is as follows:

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>API</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Current unified experiment<br>traffic allocation</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Attribution Reporting 
   </td>
   <td>5%
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Fenced Frames
   </td>
   <td>5%
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>FLEDGE
   </td>
   <td>4%
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>    <td>Shared Storage (URL Selection)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <td>Shared Storage (URL selection)
```
